feat(apple): Update installation with SPM (#7002)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/install/swift-package-manager.mdx

```

You can define your dependency rule by selecting the SDK version (or branch), and then click the "Add Package" button.
You will then be prompt to choose between 3 options `Sentry`, `Sentry-Dynamic` and `SentrySwiftUI`.

- `Sentry` is the static framework, which is the recommended option if you prefer a fast app start time.

> - `Sentry-Dynamic` is the dynamic framework, which is the recommended options if you more control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Sentry-Dynamic` is the dynamic framework, which is the recommended option if you require more control.
```

Reviewer: what kind of control?

Author: Good question. It did more sense in my mind.

> - `Sentry-Dynamic` is the dynamic framework, which is the recommended option if you require more control.

Author: ```suggestion
- `Sentry-Dynamic` is the dynamic framework.
```

> - `SentrySwiftUI` is an addicional library if you're using SwiftUI in your project and wants to track performance of your views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SentrySwiftUI` is used to track performance of SwiftUI views, see more information in the [docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/guides/ios/performance/instrumentation/swiftui-instrumentation/).
```
